Day 1. I have embarked on a journey to the center of the moon.
Day 3. Nothing but repetitive gray as far as the eye can see.
Day 25. Time drags on. There are strange paintings here.
Day 50. Today is my birthday, I think. Happy birthday, Jones.
Day 110. Food supply is low. I may need to seek out the local moon rabbits for nourishment.
Day 111. I have spotted a moon rabbit. Here goes nothing.
Day 112. IMPORTANT REMINDER. DO NOT ENGAGE RABBITS. DO. NOT. ENGAGE!
Day 127. I remain lost in the caves. The moon rabbits draw near.
Day something. I don't know. Please get me out of here.
I hate moon rabbits. I hate moon rabbits. I hate moon rabbits. I hate moon rabbits.
I wonder what today is. It's probably Christmas.
Santa didn't get me anything. Thanks, asshole.
I have discovered the weakness of the moon rabbits. Without their space helmets, they are powerless.
Yarrr! Me treasure be buried somewhere close by, but the vermin may have found it.
*this book is torn and bloody*
One little two little three little bunnies four little five little six little bunnies seven little eight little nine little bunnies all upon my sword.
Moon rabbit stew. Add 1 cup of moon rabbits to large bowl. Stir. Tenderize with meat cleaver. Beware of retaliation. Serve and enjoy!
It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Day 37. The moon bunnies are not the only fauna on the moon. Spiders seem to crawl these passages as well.
Day 38. The spider webs appear to be getting larger. I shudder to consider the creature that made them.
Day 45. Just saw a spider bigger than a car scuttle through another passage. I think I know where my predecessors went.
Day 10. I have discovered that there are rabbits on the moon. These little moon bunnies seem to be everywhere.
Day 12. The moon bunnies appear to be quite affectionate, and follow me wherever I go.
"The Very Model of Good Mental Stab-Stability", a book by Zavi Corporation
Day 116. The moon bunnies have revealed their vicious nature. I now know the true reason for my comrades' disappearance.
Day 117. The spiders here seem to prey on the bunnies. I must learn how they have survived the little savages.
Day 43. A moon bunny approached me today. It skittered away when I awoke, no doubt frightened of my size.
Day unknown. The moon bunnies are still following me. I see them everywhere here.
"Fashion Apocalypse Survival Guide"
"Tacky Lampocalypse Survival Guide"
I have stopped counting the days. How long have I been here? I miss the sun.
Day 159. THE BASTARD ALMOST GOT ME. IT TRIED TO TEAR MY SUIT. I must be more careful.
They are everywhere, following me. I now understand the paintings on the wall. Why didn't I listen?
Day 139. I hate this place. I can only hope to survive until help comes.
Day 148. I now know help is not coming. I only continue this in the hopes my descendants are spared my fate.
Day 55. More and more evidence of a civilization. What could have befallen them?
Hello there. I am a book. Nice to meet you!
I escaped from the library.
*this book is covered in teeth marks and paw prints*
This book talks about itself in third person.
This book holds many secrets that it won't tell you.
*this book contains nothing but rants concerning moon bunnies*
Once upon a time, someone was murdered by moon bunnies while reading this book.
Are you paying attention to what's in the caves?
